What we need to do:
- Fix and polish existing levels.
- Level transitions?
- Add sound effects and music - After first draft is done
- Better looking wind and piston traps?
- Make Jumper immune to Snake until it hits a pitfall
- Make animation for enemies' reactions to the snake


Feedback from play testing:
- Add a tutorial section before the game starts.
- Maybe increase countdown.


Known bugs:

Balloon and Snake traps are really tiny when placed?

When you refund snake trap while enemy is snaked, they'll stop moving.

Defeating all enemies won't start the next level (maybe exclusive to Balloon trap?)

Whip enemy will continually jump forever if it hits a block and a pitfall.

Whip enemy will also just sit on top of snake trap.

Wind trap sometimes causes enemies to bug out?

Maybe set it so refunding the trapdoor or piston just gives the piston and trapdoor back?

More of an aesthetic thing, but if you close the trapdoor while an enemy is falling in, they still
remain on top of the trapdoor.

Playtest Notes:
Liked the balloon animation
Make it clearer how you can buy traps (Separate tutorials for each concept of placing and buying traps?) (Done)
Don't have a timer for the tutorial.
Liked experimenting with different traps

Tyler's Playtest Notes:
Players didn't know how to restart the game from the game over screen, and
had to start all the way back at the start screen. Maybe a way to transition to 
previously unlocked levels from the game over screen?

Controls are somewhat difficult to use (maybe Q to purchase instead of P?).

Hard to tell if the traps are going to be hit or not by enemies (generous hitboxes?)

Need a better indicator of what trap is selected and if you have any

Timer < 0 will no longer take you to game over.

Trapdoor hard to use

Block and pitfall combo still doesn't work on whip enemy

Not clear that the digger moves underground

Try one enemy per level, and try to give better clarity to the player for how to defeat those enemies.

Sometimes you can't activate the piston trap

Indicators to show what traps you get from doing stuff.

Animal handler needs a better skin

The jumper on the top right in the first level won't collide with anything after a while (try getting
rid of all other enemies, then the jumper)? (The only error I get from the console is sometimes
the obstacle will be destroyed, but it will still be in the obstacles list? (I think I fixed it, I just 
had to change how the enemies and obstacles are stored)

Pitfalls and Trapdoors sometimes don't work on Digger enemy


Wendi's play testing note:

- the crosshair image would confuse players (maybe we can write a reminder beforehand that the crosshair won't die when you have a collision with the NPCs)

- The arrows in UITutorial level make player think that they should place the trap there

- the lower right user interface sometimes would not be notice (player always forgot to buy the trap)

- refund function doesn't work for both traps in tutorial level6

- as the players use up all of the coins, they don't know how to do

- no one use the block

- sometimes it's hard to tell/remember each trap just from looking at their names (maybe we can add icons at top of the lower right UI, reminding players the traps' skins, just like we used to do)